Adventure will be a text-based command-line game (to begin with). The game will
feature:

  (1) a character, the adventurer
  (2) interesting quests of increasing difficulty
  (3) randomly-generated worlds
  (4) randomly-generated monsters
  (5) movement, fighting, etc.

The game will use OOP, so that the player, the world, weapons, the monsters,
etc., will all be randomly-generated.

I want the game designed so that it is playable with minimum features, but
is completely extensible (expandable without rewriting), so that the game
gets increasingly interesting as new parameters are added such as new
monsters, new landscape types, towns, types of shops, NPCs, weather, etc.

Game play will involve the user typing commands, an interpreter accepting them
and adjusting parameters (such as where the player is and what his HP is).

A typical session would involve the character being given some description of
surroundings, such as "You are in a dense forest, with a path leading onward."
The environment might have further properties that can be revealed by various
commands such as x for examine. This might reveal various objects, such as
trees, squirrels, and insects. The interpreter might permit climbing a tree,
chopping it down (if you have an axe), etc. Perhaps we'll say that each area
is of x by y dimensions (e.g., 100m square), and has some sort of ID when the
world is generated.

To begin I propose to make a 3 x 3 grid, a room, that the player can move
around, with objects to manipulate, etc.

Of course, the program could become extremely complex if realistic time and
space is used. It is much simpler (and doesn't require me to learn new
technologies, perhaps) if I have set ways to move (e.g., "you can move n, e,
and to living room from here") and ignore all time constraints. This would
also make it quite a bit easier to have a reasonable algorithm for generating
maps/worlds. I can also have places within places, e.g., five different way-
points on a forest trail.

Anyway, this means that the Place class can generate descriptions.
